so you guys we're at this abandoned Zoo
in LA and you know it sounds a little
weird why would you go to a zoo that
isn't a zoo anymore good question but
see here in LA we live in a little
fantasy world so oh look at the baby
penguin oh you're so cute it's like you
can't see them but we can act like it
right see what kind of animals do you
think lived here big bears look how
crazy this is we're in a bear cage right
here up there don't underestimate these
guns so I mean I'm trying to get up
there what if a bear pops out like haha
you thought this was an abandoned Zoo
think again bitch guys oh he scared me
those are not stairs John so scared what
came down like Heights oh yeah but I was
hoping for like penguins destroy
penguins yeah but there's no I'm kidding
I think all the random fuckin finger at
no water just one penguin just waddling
around the forest walk fun zombie
penguin used to be in here I'm desi I'm
little baby monkeys before they're like
the mom monkeys with coming hey let me
give you some milk the babies engage
would grow and then they travel to the
right okay oh my god that looks like a
steak tree branch doesn't it yeah would
I oh yeah oh fuck I hate fucking snakes
like oh my god doesn't it
sure okay I got scared that doesn't
looks just like us this is where the
Penguins workers with it had to be such
a little and focus that go you know this
is where they sleep or what it had to be
such a little animal that look at the
door they gave them there's got to be
more cages than this they all look the
same
you